Add Convert-BpfToNative.ps1 (#994)
microsoft/ebpf-for-windows: docs/NativeCodeGeneration.md

response depending on whether it can prove the program is safe. The verified ELF file can then be used to generate a PE
image that can be loaded and used as an eBPF program.

# Usage

From the root of the eBPF-For-Windows project (from a VS Developer Command Prompt), after building the project, run:
```

> powershell scripts\Convert-BpfToNative.ps1 -ProgramName my_program

Reviewer: Minor: I think it would be more intuitive if the user passes the whole file name, and the script handles to remove the ".o" extension.

```

> Where my_program is the name of your BPF program with out the extension. This will produce a native image in x64\Release

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Where my_program is the name of your BPF program without the extension. This will produce a native image in x64\Release
```
